[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are talking about
extraterrestrial and SSP
craft with Randy Cramer.
So in your services off
planet, you were exposed to
and worked on
technology and SSP craft
unlike any of the conventional
technologies and craft
on Earth.
Can you tell us about that, such
as the fighters and shuttles,
carriers?
>> Yeah, sure.
So there are a number of craft
that are used across the fleet.
As I have said before
about a number of things,
we're still experimenting
with what works best.
We're still tinkering
with designs
to perfect these craft
to the best of what
we want them to be to
function at the highest level
that we want them to function.
So probably the typical
variations in a fighter
are whether it's a one-seater
or two-seater or a three-seater,
which will depend on whether you
have a pilot and gunner, which
runs the weapons systems.
Sometimes you have a pilot and
two weapons systems operators,
which let's just
say that that gives
the vehicle a lot
of options to shoot
at a lot of different
targets, when
you have two people aiming
weapons at vehicles around you
and the pilot doing
the maneuvering.
It's a tricky dance,
but it can work.
It can be very effective.
So not much bigger than
your standard fighter jet,
necessarily, as far as
height, length, width.
They're probably more narrow
than that because they don't
have a wingspan,
and a little shorter
because you don't necessarily
have the tail section.
But they're kind of comparable
to height and length and width.
>> Can you describe them,
what they actually look like ?
>> Sure.
The fighter that
I flew in the most
was called a Viper Class, which
essentially looks like a cone.
So you have a kind
of a flat in here,
and then it tapers to
a point near the front.
It's kind of a flat bottom
where the propulsion system is
with the cockpit pretty high,
all of the tech in the middle
here somewhere.
And there's actually--
in the back of the craft,
there's a bathroom,
there's a cot,
there's emergency food
supplies, emergency blankets.
So it's not much bigger than a
sleeping unit in a semi truck,
if you know anyone
who ever knows someone
who drives a truck, and there's
a little sleeping chamber
in the back, It's not
very big, so we're not
talking a very big space.
But in case of
emergencies and you're
stuck somewhere for
a long time, or you
don't have full operation
of the heating system
so that you need extra blankets
for the coldness of space,
which isn't necessarily as
uniformly cold as some people
think it is, for starters.
>> So these are the Vipers
and the Viper Class, right?
>> Viper Class Fighter, yeah.
>> And this Viper
Class Fighter comes--
how many is in one fleet?
>> We had a single carrier
which had, let's see,
I want to say 12
squadrons of 16,
so whatever that
math works out to be,
which is over 100
fighters per vessel.
And I can't say how
many of those carriers
that we have, but we
have enough of them
that we could deploy hundreds
of fighters to a situation
that was required.
>> What is the propulsion
unit on these fighters?
>> So it's a combination
electrogravitic,
magnetogravitic system.
So the electrogravitic
system pumps
high-frequency electricity
into the fuselage,
making it weigh less, which
makes it more maneuverable,
takes less forced to move
it, stop it, et cetera.
And then you have the
magnetogravitic propulsion
system underneath,
which is essentially
what creates the field
that it moves on.
So the way I like
to describe that is
the toroidal field from the
magnetogravitic propulsion
system creates a
little pool sort
of underneath the vehicle of
this magnetogravitic waves.
It's kind of like a puddle.
If you think of it like
a puddle of water that
is created under the vehicle,
then when the vehicle leans
left, right, front,
backwards, it
slides on that what we call
a slipstream like a Slip 'N
Slide.
So the propulsion system is
basically creating this field
that then it slides back, forth,
left, or right, and so forth on
at incredible speeds,
especially when you're
talking about making the
fuselage weigh less, which--
>> About how fast?
>> Like, top speed
in open space?
Over 80,000 miles an hour.
>> And on Earth what would it--
>> In an atmosphere, like,
20,000, 25,000 miles an hour,
about, tops.
>> And it has its own field
around it so it can make these
right-hand turns, and you
wouldn't feel anything inside
it because you're in your
own gravitational field?
>> Right.
So the larger
magnetogravitic field
that surrounds
the entire vehicle
is an inertial damper
in and of itself.
It's an inertial damping
field so that there
is no physics acted upon objects
within the field as the same
as if they were acted
upon outside the field.
So yeah, that's how you can make
90-degree turns or rapid slides
up, down, left, right without
smashing into the front
of the back of the vehicle.
Now, these vehicles
are designed to feel
a little bit of the movement.
So there are vehicles that
create this field where
you don't feel anything.
You don't feel left,
you don't feel right.
But what they found
out was pilots
need to feel the vehicle.
So a pilot who doesn't
feel that inertia at all
can't feel what
they're doing, can't
feel what the ship is doing.
So a pilot needs to
have some sense of,
oh, I'm pulling the left,
I'm pulling to the right,
I'm accelerating, I'm stopping.
So it's a very minimal
feeling but it's just enough
so that your body
feels interactive
to the process of piloting.
>> Randy, do we have any
vehicles currently that have
FTL, Faster Than
Light, capabilities?
>> We certainly are working on
some experimental vehicles that
do do that, not fighter
craft-size craft,
not small craft shuttles.
Some of the larger vehicles,
they've been working on that.
But jump gates really make that
negligible because you don't
need to go faster than
light over a long distance
when you can just shrink the
distance from here to here
and then jump through it.
So it's one of those things
that we can keep chasing it,
but we really have technology
that already supersedes that,
so why bother?
>> And what are you
utilizing the shuttles for?
>> Same thing that you would use
any shuttle for, when you need
to move a small group of
people or cargo from one place
to another that's a short
distance, use a shuttle craft.
>> Well, why not just use the
troop transports or these giant
destroyers you
were talking about?
>> Well, if they're
transporting a lot of things,
there are freighters that carry
a lot of material in them.
The larger ships certainly--
>> What's the scope of these--
what's the size of
these giant destroyers?
>> So like I said, a carrier
is about a mile long.
The destroyers can be
3/4, about a mile long.
The frigates tend to be
about half that size.
>> And where are these
deep space vehicles?
>> Ooh.
There are some
deep space vehicles
that we called juggernauts,
and the juggernauts
are designed where,
unlike some of the craft
we have now where you
have a forward operating
bridge or a high-placed bridge
on the vehicles for optics
so that you can see
things, the bridge
is in the middle of
the ship because that's
the most protected
place for it to be.
In fact, everything
is designed so
that the core operation of
the vehicle is in the center,
and you have all these
layers of compartments
and fuselage so that it can--
really, not unlike Naval
ships that float on the sea
are designed, so they
can take a pummeling.
And you can damage the exterior
and put holes in the exterior,
and it will still
function and go
because that's just
essentially an outer layer,
where all the really important
stuff is in the center.
>> Do these craft have any
type of escape pods in case
something goes wrong?
>> Most of them are shuttles.
If they have enough shuttles
or fighters to get everybody
off the vehicle, but the
sort of escape pod idea
turns out to not
be very practical
because pods don't go very far.
If you're in a combat situation,
you're easy target practice.
Someone can just
pop escape pods.
So you really need to
get into a vehicle that
can move quickly away
from the damaged vehicle
if you're in a combat situation.
>> You're just sitting
ducks out there in pods.
This reminds me of the old days
of jumping out of airplanes.
And if you already have the
enemy there on the ground,
it's just a matter of numbers.
>> There's a reason why
paratroopers jump at night,
because during the daytime
you're an easy target
in the sky, yeah.
>> And what do they have?
What do the ETs have?
What kind of craft
do they utilize
that's comparable to ours?
>> So most ET craft tend to fall
into categories of scout ships
or mother ships.
There aren't too
many species that
have specific fighter
craft in the way
that we design fighters.
They tend to use their
scout ships as multi-use.
So a scout ship is a
quick maneuverable vehicle
that may have some
weapon technology on it.
But other than
the Draconians, we
haven't really
encountered a species
that is as dedicated to their
military hardware as we are.
So we don't tend to find
too many other fighter craft
in the way that we design them.
>> What do the Draconians have
that's such amazing compared
to our fighting craft?
>> Well, I wouldn't say
it's so amazing so much
as, in a similar way that we
like to have a variety of tools
for specific purposes, they
also have a variety of tactical
weapons and tools for
specific purposes.
So their aircraft are
a little more varied.
>> And what is this
Dyson sphere vessels?
>> Oh, those are probably
the most amazing things ever.
So a Dyson sphere is
a engineered sphere
around a star.
So basically, think
about if you created
a metal ball, a hollow
metal ball, with a star
in the middle of
that metal ball,
then the ship, once it's
fully operational and powered,
holds the star in
a magnetic field
so that essentially the
propulsion is moving the star,
which then moves the vehicle.
And then you have a
ship that can literally
house billions or
trillions of people,
keeping in mind there's an
interior to the ship that
can be grass, trees,
rivers, streams because it
has a sun for a power source.
You can essentially have
an entire planet inverted,
basically, so instead of being
on the outside of the ball,
it's on the inside of the ball
with the star in the middle.
And the star also is
able to be focused
through a series of
magnifies into a weapon,
to a singular weapon, the most
destructive weapon we have ever
heard of so far, which
basically turns a star
into a concentrated beam.
>> Have you seen
this actually happen?
>> I haven't been there
to see one happen.
I've seen records that
we have of these ships
and how they operate.
It's pretty wild.
One of these ships
could incinerate
an entire planet
or an entire star
in one shot, a few seconds.
>> It sounds like a deep
responsibility for this type
of race to have this.
>> The only species that we know
that make ships like this are
incredibly long lived because
the species that I'm thinking
of in particular has a lifespan
where each individual organism
of their species lives
millions of years,
and it takes about 180,000 years
to build one of these ships.
So it takes an incredible
amount of long-term planning.
And yeah, certainly, there's
some responsibility involved.
But think about
it this way, too.
Instead of having
a fleet that has
to go away from your
planet, you just
make a ship that's bigger
than your planet, that
can house more people
than your planet,
and then that becomes
the ship that you
can travel through space forever
and ever and ever because you
have a self-contained ship
that's bigger and more
self-contained than a planet.
>> That's amazing.
>> They are amazing.
They are amazing.
>> So Randy, some of these craft
are bigger on the inside than
they are on the outside.
Can you explain to us
how that's possible?
>> Sure.
So once a species
comes to understand
the technology and the
physics around dimensions,
it becomes possible
to create something
called pocket dimension,
which is essentially--
if my hands together represent
a piece of closed space
where there is no
gap between them,
you're basically
able to say, I'm
going to create space in
the middle of something
where previously there was none.
And then you're able to
make that larger and larger
and larger so that
effectively you
have more square footage on
the inside the outside would
indicate that are possible.
So again, a ship that would
look like it might only
have been able to have
dozens of personnel aboard it
may have thousands.
>> That makes total sense to me
because in physics we all know
we're 99.9% space everywhere.
>> Right.
>> Well, from having been
exposed to all these ET craft
and technologies, has it changed
or affected you in any way
in your life?
>> Maybe just in a way that
I think of as bigger universe
in a bigger way.
Every time I learn
something or see something,
it rewrites the way that my
brain sees the big picture.
So having seen all
of those things
makes for a really interesting
big picture inside my head.
And I find it very
helpful to understand
all of those components, to be
able to understand the bigger
picture, which is we're
really good at what we do.
And we haven't been
doing it for very long,
and that's something to be said.
And there always are
going to be species
who are better at certain
things than we are,
and there's always going to be
species who are worse at things
than we are.
So there is a constant of
every species in the universe
that we know of
exists on a ladder,
somewhere on a rung
on that ladder.
And there's always
more rungs above,
and there's always
more rungs below.
And as near as we
understand, there
is no top of that ladder in
which there is no place farther
to go that we are aware of.
So it encourages
me that there is
plenty of growth,
plenty of opportunity
to advance and evolve ourselves
way beyond anything we can even
comprehend at the moment.
So I'm looking
forward to the future.
>> And compared to humans, would
you say that most ET beings,
on a sliding scale, are
benevolent or more hostile
after what you have encountered?
>> So statistically, we find
that about 95% of the species
that we run into, their main
thing that they would like
to do is trade.
So we say that there's sort
of 95% that are cooperative.
That doesn't mean that
they're necessarily friendly.
It doesn't mean that they're
not aggressive, doesn't
mean that they're
not violent at times.
It means that they have
learned, as we are learning,
you get more flies with honey
than you do with vinegar.
And so if you want to
trade, you don't go around
punching people in the eyeball.
You kind of have to play
nice most of the time.
So it doesn't mean that
it doesn't preclude
that an entire species can't be
aggressive, can't be violent,
isn't warlike.
It just means that
they understand
that trading is a priority,
and you would rather
sit down and have a
conversation about trade
than just start poking
people in the eye.
You have about a 5% of
who we run into out there
in the universe who are
uncooperative or difficult,
and that doesn't mean that
they don't want to play along,
they don't want to play nice,
they don't want to trade.
They'd rather steal things,
take things, or be dishonest.
But that's about
a 95% to 5% ratio.
>> And where do we
fall in that category?
>> At the moment
we're in that 95%,
where we would prefer to
trade more than anything else
because we understand the
value of trade is greater than
conquest.
We can simply make more
money as a species in trade
than we could in
imperial conquest.
If we just decided we wanted
to try and take over planets
and consume all of their
resources or take them over,
it's an incredibly
costly process.
And you don't necessarily
benefit a lot of that.
Sometimes the profit
motive works better when
you have supply and demand.
So at the moment, we're in that
95% that we're cooperative.
But it also turns out that we're
in a smaller percentage who
is capable of
militarily defending
themselves or attacking others.
So we're very quickly becoming
a respected muscle on the block,
if that were.
But there's always
someone bigger,
but there's always
someone smaller.
>> And where are some of our
closest allies and star friends
and neighbors that
you're aware of?
>> Oh, all over the
place, certainly.
But Alpha Centauri, the
Centauri are probably
our closest friends
because they're
only 4 light years away.
We've been trading with
them for a few decades.
>> What about the
Pleiadians and Lyra,
like we know in pop culture?
People are talking about
Sirius and Arcturus.
>> Sure.
>> And I know these
are huge star systems.
I want to make note of that.
There's thousands and
thousands of planets there.
It's not just one system.
I always find it funny when
someone comes to me and says,
well, I'm from Arcturan.
I'm thinking, well,
that's a pretty big spot.
That's like saying,
well, I'm from Earth.
But where on Earth?
There's a lot of places
you could be from.
>> Yeah.
Exactly.
The Pleiadian system is
seven stars and about 20
civilized worlds with--
there's at least 20 or
more advanced civilization
within the Pleiadian system.
So yeah, I kind of laugh,
too, when someone says,
I'm Pleiadian.
I want to say, which one?
Be more specific about that's.
It's not specific at all.
It's very general.
And I want to point out that
very recently, at a conference
that I was at in Toronto,
Paula Harris was there,
and she actually made a comment.
She said, look, based on the
evidence and the eyewitness
testimony we're talking
about right now,
we have confirmed dealings
with dozens of species.
Why are we still talking
about these same old three
that we've been talking about
forever when there's more?
That's a disservice to people.
>> It's an unlimited amount.
It really is, out there.
So I'm glad you brought
that up because I
think we should probably
get into them at some point
to educate people about that.
And by doing something
like maybe getting
an observatory locked on and
educating more people out there
about how vast the
space is, I think
we'll change the way
people look at it.
>> I mean, that's what we hope.
We hope that by continuing
to add this information
into the public
discussion sphere,
that it will give
people the ability
to think about
the bigger picture
and contemplate a bigger
universe that they fit into,
which is important for people
to think of possibilities
and narratives in which they
belong in a larger universe,
instead of thinking of
selves as being isolated
and not part of
that, or thinking
of that outside universe is just
something to be terrified of
or something to be afraid of.
>> Another thing is something
that's four light years away
or 100 light years away, it's
really not utilizing a straight
line of sight to get there.
It's kind of immediately.
We've had a lot of guests
come on "Cosmic Disclosure"
talking about how they
consciously were traveling
with extraterrestrials,
and someone would say,
well, they would put their
hand on the wall of the craft,
and in a matter of seconds,
they would not be on Earth.
They'd be in another
solar system.
So what are they
utilizing there for that?
>> Predominantly, they're using
some form of wormhole jumpgate
technology.
Otherwise, you have to
travel across vast distances.
And if you're traveling
across vast distances,
even with faster than light,
can take a very, very long time.
You definitely have to
be getting into warp
travel to make traveling in
a straight line across space
even remotely worth it.
But it turns out, again,
that wormhole technology,
you get faster.
Most species will get
the wormhole technology
before they get work field
technology because it's easier.
So once you get
that technology, why
would you bother
with anything else?
Let me put it this way.
If you had a watch that you
could wear on your wrist that
would make a wormhole that you
could go to anywhere on planet
Earth, why would you ever
ride a bus, ride a train,
or fly a plane or
drive a car ever again?
>> Right.
Another interesting thing that I
have had a little experience in
is some of these
craft are actually
linked to the pilot of
that craft on a more
conscious level.
Can you explain that?
>> Sure.
A lot of the, especially
extraterrestrial, ships
from more advanced civilizations
have a navigation system,
which is essentially the
pilot connecting directly
into the system, the
computer systems,
so that the pilot feels
like the ship is their body.
And so you're moving the ship as
if you would move your own body
because it feels like
that's what you're doing,
but you're just directing it
mentally through the navigation
system that's essentially a
telepathic psionic system.
Now, there are, I've been told--
I've never experienced
one myself.
But I've been told there are
ships that are a combination
organic, mechanical
that are alive and have
some personality to them
and get bonded to a person,
to a pilot like a dog
or a cat or a horse
becomes bonded to that person.
In those cases,
sometimes that ship
simply won't fly if
it's not the pilot
that it's familiar with it.
If you sit down in the
chair, it's just going to go,
I don't know you.
What are you sitting
down here for?
I'm not flying for you.
>> No, absolutely.
There was many times
in the projects
where we had to be
inoculated with the DNA
from a being in order
to access the craft.
>> Oh, that's a clever
way around that.
I hadn't thought about that.
>> And it doesn't last
forever, but at least the craft
doesn't catch on for
a while, I guess.
Through your
adventures, traveling
through space and
maybe even time,
have you felt anything that
changed your consciousness
during these events?
>> Yeah.
Actually, that's an
interesting question.
So the first time that
I was in a fighter
and got hit with an
electromagnetic pulse,
chip goes dead, just starts
kind of floating and spinning
in space.
But what I found was when
everything turns off,
all the electronics are off,
all these fields are shut down,
the forcefield's shut down,
the magnetogravitic field's
shut down, there is nothing
between you and space.
And space makes music.
And it turns out
that the music space
makes depends on what point
in space you're focusing on.
So for instance, if I was
floating out in space-- which
you can see everything when
you're floating out in space.
It's not like this dark,
black, where is everything?
You can see the
constellations, you
see the northern stars,
the southern stars.
The galaxy is this ring
that goes around you.
It's a very bright
sky out in space.
It's very bright.
There's a lot of stars.
So when everything is off,
wherever my focal point
I was going to make a
certain sound of music that's
from that corner of space.
And so it's nothing other than
awe inspiring and conscious
altering to be in the
absolute emptiness of space,
and you start to
hear everything.
And I've been told when I asked
an ET about this, he said,
oh, yeah, that's how it works.
He said, a lot of species
navigate that way.
So if you understand what
you're listening for,
you know where to look,
what to listen for,
and you follow the navigation of
the music that you listen for.
And he said, look,
if you were ever lost
and you didn't know how
to get back to Earth,
he said, you just find your
focal point on where you know
the direction is, and
listen for Earth music,
and then follow that.
That was a completely
mind blowing experience
that I did not expect.
>> Now, are you listening to
music, I mean, from Earth?
Are you looking for
a frequency that you
are aligned with from Earth?
Are you receiving old video
transmissions from back
in the TV time of antennas
and things like that?
>> From what I understand,
by putting your focal point
on that, that's what happens.
That is just what you'll start
to hear, what you start to hear
and perceive.
>> And is it some sort
of omnidirectional thing
that's in your
conscious doing it?
Because you must be
bombarded with trillions
of pins of this information.
>> It's specific to where
your eyes are actually looking
at it.
Is directed by your vision.
So what you're looking
at with your eyes
is where the focal point is.
So I found as my eyes
were looking around,
it was like changing
channels on a radio station.
>> That would make sense,
because the eyes can pinpoint
photons and frequencies,
which your brain interprets.
And your consciousness
works with that sometimes.
>> I think there's
still some mechanics.
I don't understand about it.
But I've experienced it, And.
It was absolutely
fascinating and mind blowing.
And what a magical
experience to realize
that the entire
universe makes music.
>> No, it's beautiful.
>> I mean, yeah.
How much more amazing
can you get than that?
>> Maybe our third eye is just
one little antenna there that
can read all this.
>> That's a good theory.
I'll go with that.
>> Randy, what a wonderful
adventure you've taken us on.
Thank you for being
on the show again.
>> Thank you so
much for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When we see Pleiadian
shapes, we see a sphere of light
because it is the miracle
of moving so fast.
The Atlantean civilization
was the product
of Arcturian people.
But the first Atlantis
was not about pyramids.
It was about the temple within.
They taught us how to
relate with the world.
Giants where the keepers of that
wisdom, of that information.
The Reptilians
represented for us
the negative and
the positive, and we
will explore the Anunnaki and
how this created structure
for the humans to transcend.